[Music]
dad
welcome to story flicks in this video we
will explain a thriller film based on
serge broslet's best-selling french
novel les emirs
this film is about a demolition company
rep who supervises the raising of a
mysterious building
they discover horrifying secrets and
past inhabitants entombed within its
walls by a vicious murderer
let's find out what's the secret behind
the building in walden
the film begins by showing a girl
trapped in a very narrow place
not long after a tremendous amount of
cement came out from the cracks in the
wall
unfortunately the girl could not leave
the narrow room and had to be buried in
the semen
this is the beginning of the film this
story is drawn to 15 years after the
terrible incident
a small family is celebrating sam's
graduation sam had just graduated as an
engineer
a profession she had long dreamed of as
a graduation gift her father takes sam
to work in their family company in the
demolition business
of course this offer made sam very happy
especially since she immediately got a
big eviction project
her father has even prepared a ticket
around europe for sam and her boyfriend
named peter if sam succeeds in
completing this project
sam then headed to the project site
finally after driving alone
sam arrived at her job site which was an
apartment the building did not look like
an apartment
instead it looked like a prison a sign
on the wall shows if the building was
built by an engineer named malistraza in
sam was then greeted by an apartment
keeper named mary sam also met a teenage
boy
that turned out that the boy was named
jimmy who was mary's son
mary then instructs jimmy to take sam to
her room numbered 208 and explained the
various rules in the apartment
but just arrived on the second floor the
lights in the apartment suddenly went
out
jimmy also reminded sam to avoid the
eighth floor or go to the rooftop
sam then went to take a shower and
enjoyed the night as she came out of the
bathroom
she met mary sam then asked how many
people were in the apartment
it turned out that according to mary
only four people were living in the
apartment
namely her and her son as well as two
other people
surprisingly there is still a lot of
furniture in her room as if the previous
occupants just left without bringing
their furniture
on the second floor sam found a room
marked with julie's name
there was a picture of a child's drawing
on the door the next day
sam starts her work and analyzes the
building she needed to know where to put
the explosives to bring the building
down
so sam had to tell her father how much
tnt it would take to tear the building
down
in the afternoon sam went to a
convenience store to buy some food and
drinks
out of curiosity she then borrowed a
computer to look up information about
the building
it turned out that the information
obtained was astonishing
reportedly malastraza and 16 other
people were found hardened inside the
walls of the building
this tragedy occurred in 1993 which is
three years after the apartment was
completed
back at her apartment sam starts marking
the part of the apartment where she will
set off the explosives
but suddenly a man appeared and
immediately ran towards her while
banging an
axe it turned out that this man was one
of the residents who did not accept that
the building would be evicted
that night jimmy suddenly appeared in
front of sam's room and took her to the
eighth floor
even though he had previously forbidden
sam to visit that floor
jimmy then starts telling stories about
malestraza the apartment designer who
died inside the walls
according to him until now there is
still a room that witnessed the terrible
incident
jimmy also said that of the 16 victims
buried inside the walls one of them was
julie
which is none other than the girl who
appears in the prologue of this film
in one of the rooms on the eighth floor
jimmy showed a wall where the terrible
tragedy occurred
apparently jimmy's father was also one
of the 16 victims
sam was also amazed when she found a
picture of malistraz's face on the wall
while being scared by jimmy suddenly sam
could see a man looking at them
jimmy then decides to go after the man
and leave sam alone
unfortunately in her solitude her
flashlight suddenly died
she was so afraid then she fell in the
darkness luckily
jimmy soon came back and helped her sam
then returned to her room
however she had an injury to her knee
jimmy volunteered to treat sam's knee
but jimmy took advantage of that moment
to stroke her thigh
luckily sam realized that and asked
jimmy to stop what he was doing
and leave her alone as night approached
suddenly sam could see a mirror on the
wall that was moving on its own
when it was opened it turned out that
from behind the hole fresh blood flowed
suddenly a hand appeared from behind the
wall and pulled her body
when she regained consciousness sam was
already inside the wall
to her horror the seaman began to enter
the wall and bury her alive
fortunately all of these terrible events
turned out to be just a bad dream
sam who was disturbed by her sleep then
decided to check her room
it turned out that peter her boyfriend
appeared to give her a surprise
sam then decided to take peter to the
eighth floor there she saw a sign on a
wall
unexpectedly there was a secret switch
on the wall that led them to a secret
door on the floor
sam and peter then went down to the room
and from behind the hole
sam could see directly into the bathroom
in room 208
so it turned out that jimmy had always
peeked at her when she was taking a
shower
the end of the room finally led sam and
peter to a garbage dump
when the door opened mary was there mary
was amazed how sam and her boyfriend
could emerge from the room
finally sam reported that jimmy had
often peaked at her in the bathroom
jimmy was scolded by his mother he
immediately sped away
that night peter tried to comfort a sad
sam peter also invited
her to come home the next day the two of
them then made out that night
while jimmy who heard their romance from
the next room was so sad and jealous
the next day sam and peter get ready to
leave the apartment
she has also made a report about the
explosion point that will be used in the
apartment
in her report it was written that they
needed as much as 600 kilograms of tnt
but before they left jimmy suddenly
appeared in front of sam's room
and gave her a present it turned out to
be an old book written by malestrasza
about the design
and structure of the apartment building
sam became very interested and tried to
study the book
jimmy also invited sam and peter to
return to the eighth floor
but suddenly jimmy disappeared and sam
can hear a voice asking for help from a
huge hole
sam is so panicked and intends to go
down to help jimmy who fell into the
hull
meanwhile peter was on top while slowly
lowering the rope to bring sam down
but only halfway an iron shot straight
into peter's chest and killed him
sam's balance was lost and she had to
fall into the big deep hole
some time later sam woke up in the hole
naked there it turns out that she is not
alone
there was another man in the hole who
turned out to be malestrazza
surprisingly he has been trapped in the
hole as well turns out it was malistraza
who played jimmy's voice from his radio
so it sounded as if jimmy was asking for
help from a hole
from above the hole jimmy appeared and
threw a letter in the letter jimmy said
that he would not let sam leave the
apartment because jim wanted sam
to love him without coercion jimmy then
sends a cooperation report to sam's
father
not only that he also drowned sam's car
to make it look as if sam left
and wouldn't come back sam must now live
with malistraza in that hole
jimmy reappears and gives malastraza a
cassette melistrazo also said that if he
always obeyed jimmy's words
because if he refused his orders they
would suffer in that hole
jimmy apparently ordered malestrazza and
sam to dance to the strains of the song
from the cassette given
he also asked malistraza and sam to kiss
according to his instructions
as a gift jimmy gave some fruits to
malestrazza and a walkie-talkie to sam
on the other hand the man who lived in
the apartment finally left his apartment
while his other friend decided to stay
in the apartment
sam tried hard to get out of the hole
she also persuaded jimmy and said
if she needed some medicines sam tried
to seduce jimmy and said
if she liked it when jimmy stroked her
leg but jimmy didn't budge
even though sam had opened her shirt to
seduce jimmy
then the rain came and that's when sam
realized that peter's body was buried by
malestrazza in that hole
due to the wet ground his corpse began
to surface melistraza then told her that
he had been locked up in the hole for a
long time
even more than five thousand days
malistraza said that mary made up a
story to the police that he died inside
the wall
meanwhile he is locked in this hole by
mary because she wants revenge for the
death of her husband who died because of
malestrazz's idea
melistrazzo also began to admit that he
was an old-fashioned person who still
believed in ancient beliefs
according to him to make a sturdy
building and can last a long time
a human sacrifice is needed on the other
hand
mary is starting to get suspicious
because sam and peter suddenly
disappeared
when checking mary was so surprised that
sam was in the hole asking for help
but instead of helping mary just closed
the hole and scolded her son
after all the goal of defending the hole
was to lock up malestrazza and now
if the police caught them locking sam up
they could both go to jail
in the afternoon the workers had come to
blow up the apartment building
now it's just a matter of time for the
building to be blown up with sam in it
sam tried hard to get jimmy to get her
out of the hole but jimmy still didn't
budge meanwhile malistraza said if he
needed another sacrifice in the building
then he started digging a hole according
to him the building could never be blown
up
if there were additional humans buried
alive that's when sam secretly took a
sharp iron and tried to kill malistraza
but instead of being afraid it turns out
that malastraza actually hopes to get
killed so that he can become a sacrifice
to save the apartment
melistraza repeatedly asked sam to kill
him and with all her might
sam stuck the iron in malestrazz's body
many times
malistraza thanked sam for helping him
sacrifice himself for the building he
designed
outside the workers were ready to blow
up the building until suddenly
jimmy changed his mind and immediately
ran to save sam
finally sam's father arrived at the hole
and he was so surprised that sam was in
the hole
jimmy feeling guilty then decided to
jump into the pit and died
meanwhile sam was rescued and taken to
the hospital
mary now has to languish in prison for
being involved in the act of holding sam
in the hole
finally the building was not torn down
to honor the genius and masterpiece of
[Music]
malestrazza
foreign